hi friends how are you is so that you
find super super good and good the
Today's video is a video 2 by 12 together
for a man where I bring you as is
I always cute eyes
is that something delineated that always
I bring in all the videos and it's always
something soft where I do reviews and several
guys have asked me to teach them
to be aligned that I always bring and this
outlined what I do is now yes
make me the tail of the cat there is only
in the corner of the eye and only being
like an illusion that 3 all
eye outlined but then nothing else is the
colita now yes and watching a video that in
this week there was this video talking
about this kind delineated and just mind
how it is called or how it
they tell you some youtubers some
makeup artists called faith cut like
that is a poster of lies let's say be
the illusion that 13 the eye delineated
but then no, and I'm going to show you
I only bring the tail outlined
and good guys let's start one
after llíria I'm not going to make a
review about this mask that is my
worship of life really I
love this mascara that yes
is of the brand look explosive with
argan oil that really girls
you have to try this mask and now
I invite you to stay and see all the
video thank you very much for your
very many comments graciaselena
obstructor to you and we see ourselves new
girls and good guys at first
instance I already have the tabs in china
and I the Chinese ones with this spoon and
I'm going to start
and what I do I hope it is
focusing what I do
I throw the first line where I want to
that comes out my outlined can not be a
little more more be more inclined a bit
more more on top of his cost I do not know
depends on the angle that I want to give
the delineated to me I always like where
they finish my eyebrows I always like more
or less do it towards that and I make a
triangular
I do what ends of the triangulation
and you also depend on the thickness that
you want to give your outline what I start
Fill
and I feel that he needs a little more
thickness
there it is and simply because there is already me
Like you already know that I like it like
more elongated balls I do not like
very much that effect that gives my
eyes
and this is how it keeps the ring so
delineated that I make myself check as of
away or how do I put on your mascara
now they will see how it looks like
three all the eye outlined and then no
nothing nothing to do with that I'm going to do
the other eye and I'm going to show you how it is
that looked with the rhythm of girls and
as you can see she seems to bring the
delineated eyes and it's simply the
shine to the tail what you bring
delineated in the tail that 3 aligned not
true good he proposed that they have
it's just the corner what three
delineated you make the tail and it looks crazy
very father look very sexy looks more than
nothing also looks a little more natural and
good girls now for being the
second part of the video I bring you this
review of this fabulous age that I saw in
a group and the logical one that crash well
a superbowl
over this mask this mask of the
mark and says it's explosive look
mask with argan oil and you
you know girls who follow her is great
for great skin for hair and
Well, I did not want to stay behind the
I tried and it's been like a month trying
this mascara and I love
it is simply the wonder of
the girls is great is the super
I recommend I have already seen in the group that
all the girls who try it are
delighted bone is very few doubt that
they say they did not like it
most of them that super well in their
lashes and this I love seeing girls
really and really love this mask and
it cost me 25 pesos but I understand
sometimes in the city center
Mexico the encounter between 18 more than
nothing or silent between the prices 18 to 30
weights more than anything depends more depends
in the area where you live and good
this mask is like that
Y
Excuse me for having something dirty but
As I say, I've been using the
more than a month and the little brush is like that
how is silicone
is silicone and right now I'm going to
teach how it is that this lengthens
eyelashes I really love girls
loved that we have 2 in the first part
we have to have our tabs
already trained and well I will give me in the
first stage
there it went as it is already with a first
stage see how it leaves the eyelashes
I love I love I love it
and see girls with a first coat how
is that they look they look super super super
well I love I'm going to let them dry
little bit and last one that has other layers
two passes and it really is what I do
is that I'm online
the eye
the water line of the eyelashes and
year 73 the cat
perea that we saw it here is already
Completely finished I put on mascara
in the eyelashes hopefully without gas and
I really saw how it is that this
eyelash mask I super lengthens my
tabs
I love seeing from behind element
reprobate is the wonder is more than
of people I think I do not try anymore
another I'm going to keep buying it because
it's very very good it's super economic
you know girls always the
eyelash mask of your brand
brands and always look great
they are always of good quality they extend you
the lashes I do not know I love girls in
the super blue classic more really
because you should know all the video the
I want to invite you if you are not subscribed
subscribe to the channel here to bassist
and motorcycle where he says subscribe the invite
to be bitten to subscribe to my
good channel thank you so much for watching
all the video I do not want to say
remind them that I have a person from
facebook that I have instagram president
of a little more contact with me and we
let's go for the next
I send you a strong kiss goodbye